Gu
Mr. Gu, sorry?
Scared you
Since Mr. Gu is fine
Then I'll go first
Tell the finance department to give him a bonus
How much? 50 million?
Too many Mr. Gu
This will cause controversy
Bad for rubbing your mouth
And with the personality of the mouth
He will not only not accept
Instead, he will feel that you are insulting him
Let him be wronged
I have to compensate
Then you might as well buy him a high-priced gift.
It just so happens that the company is celebrating the New Year in two days.
Let's have a lottery.
You can give it to him by the way.
That's a good idea.
You go back and find finance by yourself to get the bonus.
Thank you Mr. Gu
that
druggist
Yunyao, I guess it's him
But I can't figure out why he did it.
Does he still want to save the marriage?
Maybe it can't be done in such an extreme way.
The doctor can tell
Only the dose may kill you
Do you want to teach him a little lesson?
Hey
Forget it.
He's still your wife
Are you still divorced?